Convert 3 pages into HTML styling. (#3)
momentum-mod/blog: content/posts/imported/2016-03-03-welcome.md

url: /post/140379497024/welcome
---

<p>Welcome to the Momentum Mod devblog! Here you will see status updates and progress reports on our open source Source Engine modification.

> If you want to get involved in development, <a href="http://momentum-mod.org/contact"> contact us here!</a> Please include some sort of past work or proof of skills. We're accepting programmers, source level designers, 3d and 2d artists, as well as web developers.</p>

Reviewer: This link is no longer relevant, please change to our discord:

```suggestion
If you want to get involved in development, <a href="https://discord.gg/momentummod"> contact us here!</a> Please include some sort of past work or proof of skills. We're accepting programmers, source level designers, 3d and 2d artists, as well as web developers.</p>
```
